Skeleton screens in search results (#306)
danskernesdigitalebibliotek/dpl-react: docs/skeleton_screens.md

> # Skeleton screens

Reviewer: 👏

In order to improve both UX and the performance score
you can choose to use skeleton screens
in situation where you need to fill the interface
with data from a requests to an external service.

## Main Purpose

The skeleton screens are being showed instantly
in order to deliver some content to the end user
fast while loading data.
When the data is arriving the skeleton screens
are being replaced with the real data.

## How to use it

The skeleton screens are rendered with help from the
[skeleton-screen-css library](https://www.npmjs.com/package/skeleton-screen-css?activeTab=readme).
 By using [ssc classes](https://github.com/nullilac/skeleton-screen-css#example---card)
 you can easily compose screens
 that simulate the look of a "real" rendering with real data.

### Simple example

> In this example we have a HelloWorld app with three text props attached:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example we have a search result item component consisting of a cover, a headline and two lines of text:
```

Author: done

```tsx
import React from "react";

const SearchResultListItemSkeleton: React.FC = () => {
  return (
    <article className="search-result-item ssc">
      <div className="ssc-square">&nbsp;</div>
      <div className="ssc-wrapper w-80">

>         <div className="ssc-head-line w-60 mb" />

Reviewer 2: Can we provide any help, hints or guidelines about how developers should use standard classes like `.search-result-item` and skeleton classes?

One example might be: "Use BEM block classes (for layout in relation to other elements etc.) but use SSC classes instead of elements." Note: I do not know if this example will work in practice.

Author: Done
